---
layout: post
title:  "Insanity"
date:   2019-09-26 19:47:55 +0300
image:  11.jpg
tags:   [enemies, kiss, food]
---
Alice hated Ezra. She had a good reason for hating him. He stole her brownie twice when they were in kindergarten. She knew it was him but he never admitted it to the teacher she blabbed to. He never owned up to it now.They first met in Pre-K and shared classes since then. But since he stole her favorite dessert, she couldn’t bring herself to like him or want to talk to him. But then again, Ezra never apologized. 

Alice hated the way his mouth would turn up into a crooked smile. She hated his stupid dimples and how popular he was. She hated how all of her friends would swoon when he talked to them. Most of all, she hated how all teachers and everyone that met him was enamoured with him. Ezra was attractive and smart--she would give him that much. But he was also very annoying, very condescending, and insanely arrogant. The kid thought the world revolved around himself, she thought to herself. 
---
Ezra didn’t care very much for Alice. He thought she was rude and quite mean. The girl never smiled nor did she ever do anything for anyone but herself. She never spoke to him so he had no reason to speak to her. He had more than enough friends; he was always surrounded by people. If she couldn’t get people to stick around in her life then she probably wasn’t a great person to begin with. And he didn’t have time for bad people in his life.

Besides, she’d gotten him in trouble when he was in kindergarten. It was so stupid. It was over brownies. He wanted the first one, and he didn’t want to take it but he was very hungry. Then she told on him and he had to take the second one for his own personal revenge. 
---

They’d gotten lucky all those years before. There were only a handful of times they’d worked in the same group, but even then, they had a buffer of other people. But today, their nightmare came true. Their teacher separated people into pre-assigned pairs to work on a presentation on some specific aspect of Frankenstein.

Alice’s mouth audibly clenched after hearing Mr. Smith say, “Alice, you will be working with Ezra on the gothic elements of the book.”

Her ears rang for the rest of the list Mr. Smith talked down.

Ezra also wasn’t too happy himself. But he knew to be the one to move. She looked petrified. He took the desk next to her that someone had moved from and scooted it next to hers. They sat in silence for a second. 

“You search in the odd sections of the book; I’ll look in the even,” she said to him, staring at the book and refusing to look at him.

“Fine.”

“We will make a powerpoint.” 

“Fine.”

“Good.” She took a piece of paper and slid it to him. “Write down your email and I’ll share the file with you.”

“Fine.” He wrote down his email. “There.”

“Nice to know you know other words,” she muttered.

“Hey. What’s your problem?” he asked, finally pissed. 

“What’s my problem?” she asked him, for the first time allowing the emotion to reach her face. “What’s your problem!”

“I don’t have a snarky response to everything you say, so I’m not the one with the problem.”

“Clearly, thief.”

“How am I a thief?!” 

“You took my brownies, you thief.”

He decided he wanted to keep maintaining his innocence. “I didn’t take your brownies. Besides, for fuck’s sake, that was in kindergarten!”

“They were baked by my nana and then she’d just died! So not only did you steal my brownies, you took the last connection I had with my grandmother!”

Crap. He immediately felt guilty. “I’m...sorry.”

Her eyes softened. “It was you, wasn’t it?”

He refused to meet her eyes. “Yes.”

Her facial features hardened. “Ha! I knew it. You thief. I was right.”

“Wait, what?”

She snickered. “Man, you were so ready to take that to the grave.”

“Was that bullshit?”

“Absolutely.”

“You’re psychotic,” he said, incredulous. “Sociopathic. You should be locked up. Who jokes like that.”

“Someone with something to prove, Klepto.” Her eyes narrowed. “I don’t like you, Ezra. And I don’t have to. And I’m sure the feeling is mutual.”

“Don’t tell me how to feel,” he growled at her.

She sneered at him. “Don’t lie to me then.”

“Fine. I won’t lie to you anymore. You’re not worth the energy it takes to lie.” The bell rang. “And for the record, only a psychopath like you would be so upset over 10 years for stupid brownies. That’s insane.” He got up, frustrated with her. 

She smiled to herself a little. “That’s the most honest thing I’ve heard you say in a very long time.”

“You’re enjoying this,” he said, on the verge of insanity. “Of course you are. God. I knew I was right to stay away from you.”

She pulled his shirt and pressed her mouth against his. 

Mindfuckery indeed.   
